[Music]
after abemolik there rose to save israel
Toller the son of pure the son of dota a
man of Issachar and he dwelt in Shamer
in the mountains of Ephraim he judged
Israel 23 years and he died and was
buried in shame after him arose Jaya a
gileadite and he judged Israel 22 years
now he had 30 sons who wrote on 30
donkeys they also had 30 towns which are
called a VAR za to this day which are in
the land of Gilead and jr. died and was
buried in Kaymer
then the children of Israel again did
evil in the sight of the Lord and served
the bails and the ashteroth the gods of
Syria the gods of Sidon the gods of Moab
the gods of the people of Ammon and the
gods of the Philistines and they forsook
the Lord and did not serve Him so the
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
and he sold them into the hands of the
Philistines
and into the hands of the people of
ammon from that year they harassed and
oppressed the children of Israel for 18
years all the children of Israel who
were on the other side of the Jordan in
the land of the ammonites in Gilead or
over the people of Ammon crossed over
the Jordan to fight against Judah also
against Benjamin and against the house
of Ephraim
so that Israel was severely distressed
and the children of Israel cried out to
the Lord we have sinned against you
because we have both forsaken our God
and served the bails so the Lord said to
the children of Israel did I not deliver
you from the Egyptians and from the
amorite and from the people of Ammon and
from the Philistines also the side
onehans and Amalekites and mayor nights
oppressed you and you cried out to me
and I delivered you from there
yet you have forsaken me and served
other gods therefore I will deliver you
no more go and cry out to the gods which
you have chosen let them deliver you in
your time of distress we have sinned do
to us whatever seems best to you only
deliver us this day we pray so they put
away the foreign gods from among them
and served the Lord and his soul could
no longer endure the misery of Israel
then the people of ammon gathered
together and encamped in Gilead and the
children of Israel assembled together
and encamped in Misbah and the people
the leaders of Gilead said to one
another who is the man who will begin
the fight against the people of ammon he
shall be head over all the inhabitants
of helium
[Music]